



Self Growth Continuously strives to improve based on feedback from others. Proactively looks for opportunities to improve and is intellectually curious. Gives constructive feedback in a helpful way. Is energized and excited to take on challenging goals and exhibits personal accountability. Developing Others Leads by example. Motivates others to understand our organization’s vision and objectives so that challenging and meaningful goals can be obtained. Helps people understand how their work contributes to broader organizational objectives. Inspiration Provides coaching and acts as a mentor to others. Inspires and motivates others to achieve high performance and exceptional results. Brings a high level of energy and enthusiasm to the group. Recognizing Others Creates a diverse and inclusive environment by recognizing and embracing differences. Creates an atmosphere of recognition by actively recognizing others for a job well done and by showing genuine appreciation for other team members.

Leading Yourself I strongly believe that one should lead oneself before leading others to be an effective leader. I lead myself by holding me to higher standards in what I do for the organization. This allows me to be better person at work by controlling my emotions, bringing a sense of accountability, being trustworthy and have positive impact on the organization and the company.

I love mentoring, coaching and providing domain knowledge to have a productive team member.  At the same time, I love to be a mentee always open to learn new skills. 




Lead the Team Above-average Delivery Follows through on objectives to ensure successful completion within the time allotted. Raises the quality bar for our organization. Willingly goes above and beyond what needs to be done while keeping in sight the highest priority goals and objectives. Possesses the skills and knowledge to make important contributions in achieving team results. Can always be counted on to follow through on commitments with a high level of ownership and accountability. Controls Customer Impact Is sought out for opinions and feedback because of in-depth knowledge and experience. Identifies new trends and opportunities early and has the ability to anticipate and respond quickly to problems. Is skilled at communicating insights and has keen understanding of issues or problems. Risk Aversion Is trusted by others to use good judgment when making decisions. Manages risk and is unafraid to escalate concerns when needed.

Leading Team Over the course of my career, I have had the opportunities to lead technical teams comprised of senior and less-experienced developers. During these opportunities, I have exhibited various traits that are needed to be an effective leader such as integrity, leading-by-example, a mentor,  I strongly believe that one should continuously work to hone their leadership skills and I am looking forward to benefit from the EDL program.

I am humbled by the accolades that I receive on my leadership skills from my colleagues which I value more than calling myself a leader.

Customer Relationships Does an excellent job of marketing projects, programs, or solutions to the business/technology partners for leveraging existing technology. Helps people understand how meeting customer needs is central to the mission and goals of our organization. Has demonstrated the ability to represent our organization to key groups and players. Connects the group to the outside world to be an antenna for the organization, bringing in relevant information that benefits the group. Deepen Relationships Achieves objectives requiring a high level of cooperation from people in other parts of the organization, as well as internal work groups. Acts as a role model by setting a good example and providing a definite sense of direction and purpose. Is looked upon by the work group as reliable, sincere, and capable. Business Knowledge Continually strives to improve business knowledge in order to support business and customer needs. Is an expert in supported business processes?



Innovation and Problem Solving Uses active listening to find ways to support and constructively challenge new ideas instead of discouraging them. Frequently seeks out new approaches and ideas and encourages others to do the same. Strives for a complete view of the organization and suggests changes to reduce the complexity of the process when needed. Drives Efficiency Has the courage to identify the opportunities that will improve the organization and champions the changes. Stays in touch with the issues and concerns brought forth by individuals and resolves conflict within the work group. Strategic Thought Leadership Works hard to "walk the talk" and avoids saying one thing and doing another. Maintains a clear perspective between the overall picture and the details. Has a perspective beyond the day-to-day work to take a longer-term, broader view of strategic goals. Is willing to become a leader for new projects or solutions.


*Tell us why you want to be part of the Everyday Leader Program and what you expect to gain from participating.


