
I believe to be a truly effective leader, one must learn to lead themselves before attempting to lead others. I do this by holding myself to a higher standard when it comes to my contributions to the organization.  I very much appreciate the honest feedback, as it not only helps me become a better leader but also a more productive team member. 

I enjoy mentoring teammates to share both technical and general knowledge. Often times during these experiences, I find that I am learning as much as I am teaching.
I firmly believe in having an open diverse environment that includes genuine feedback, fair recognition and clear goals. One should be open to self-improvement and continuously work to hone their leadership skills so they can make a positive impact on the organization and the company.

----------------------------

Lead Yourself



Lead The Team

Over the course of my career, I have had the opportunity to lead technical teams comprised of senior and junior developers. During these opportunities, I have exhibited various traits that are needed to be an effective leader.

such as integrity and leading-by-example,. 

My main focus is to provide clear goals and priorities to the team and to make sure that the whole team 
Similarly, I also strive to involve the client at each step, ensuring that all stakeholders receive regular updates on potential issues and risks.
I strongly believe that regular feedback as well as a retrospective report after the project. It is very important for improving team performance.


Lead the Business

I always am thrilled by the satisfaction I get when I deliver technology solutions to my business partners. I believe one should feel a sense of commitment to your business partners to be a successful business leader.

In all my projects I have been successful in building a positive relationship with Business. This involves consulting with business at every stage from requirement gathering to production release.
Throughout the process, I make sure to update all stakeholders with progress, demos, issues and risks.
This helps keep development in sync with business changes and ensure we meet the project deadlines.


Innovation

I am humbled by the feedback I get from my peers and technical leads that my solutions are innovative and simple.
I take pride in my prowess in problem-solving.
I strive to be clear in differentiating between the overall picture and
 the details while collaborating with my pears and juniors I mentor.

Tell us why you want to be part of the Everyday Leader Program and what you expect to gain from participating.
I would like to be part of the Everyday Leader program because I want to be able to contribute in a more significant way I know that I require guidance to help me learn the skills I need to reach my full potential as a leader. I hope that this program will give me the tools to better harness my strengths and develop my professional weaknesses.  hope that being around other leaders will give me an opportunity to draw from their experiences and apply them to my life.
